Jin Chen, are you alright?
The account has been unfrozen.
Really hurry up and call to check
Hello, has our account been unfrozen?
Sorry Mr. Shen
It hasn't thawed yet.
What!
Ha ha.
Waste is waste
4 Police, you are a stinky trash picker
What big shot are you pretending to be?
Is that impossible?
I have already defrosted three children
Don't say it again in this life
You rubbish
You want to kill us?
What are you?
Let Master Jiang listen to you
I think you are courting death
Tell you what?
You want to die, you trash, die yourself
Don't implicate our Shen family
I'll let General Hai Guo'an explain it clearly
Just you trash and call Eno
I'm afraid you'll all die when Eno comes
Enough police power
I know you want to help me.
But you're always so impractical.
Won't solve the problem
Understand you trust me
What I said is true.
I'll call Jiang Renkai over now, Chen
You hurry up, you go
Still installed
Master Jiang is now preparing
The top auction in Yongzhou City
How can I deal with your rubbish auction hahaha
Xu Shao, are you talking about gathering?
All cities around the city
Which auction is the price?
Of course hahaha
If only I could attend this auction
Meet these big shots
Our Shen family's promotion to an aristocratic family is just around the corner
Xu Shao
Please get us some invitations too
Then it depends on your performance
Let Shen Yunwei serve you well, right?
Hurry up, go, go, go, go, whoever loves to go
You two are really repeat offenders who sell your daughters
Roll roll roll
What are you talking about about our family?
As long as I'm here
No one wants to touch the fool Jingchen
What do you think you are?
I really give you face.
If you really like Shen Yunwei
After I get tired of playing, I will call it Northern Shaanxi.
court death